Nonsense, simply nonsense.
Can this matter be solved and settled?
Even if you are ancient. We can't use hundreds of thousands of Jiang Shi's machines to wipe out,
Let me read it for you. Yes, this matter is non-negotiable.
You want to maintain production. us,
Come on, I can issue a military order,
Do not destroy the ancient Chinese fantasy. And this victory ruler can only be five pieces, run.
The demolition order goes down and from the next day,
Unnamed, must be deleted.
Including the iron frame pictures, all codes have been changed.
The city will investigate anonymously, for the order,
Check without shooting. Respect your position.
my philosophy
Ask the coach to reply to Sister Zhang
The news came later
The reason for living with the same fate was found
Someone is hurting something big
Spread respect for the emperor
It is reasonable to think of hurting the country
To Xiaojie and my uncle
And let my uncle take charge
Destroy the country in one fell swoop
Let uncle Yangming
After hearing this, the emperor hurt the country
I feel inspired by Qishu
Big farmers send troops
Showing mountains and battlefields with my general uncle
Can lies kill me?
Then look at the picture